is a very special place
all those wins the ore cars
I start to dive in 1976 but I start to
fame as a professional in 1985 and then
soon after I joined captain Cousteau on
the capsule and I stayed there for 12
years until he passed away
during all my years of diving the major
changes I have seen in the oceans are on
the tropical with why I know because
maybe I spend a lot of time there are
maybe the more fragile environment but I
remember in 85 in the Maldives
it was very pristine coals nice branches
a lot of fish sharks everywhere and I
returned recently all this is gone
it's just one example on organic through
the years I can see less and less and
less but but but but when I see all the
wealthy and occurs somewhere it's good
hope for the oceans because I see that
there is a lot of life first herrings
fish lot of whales I've never seen so
many humpback whales in such a small
area you know feeding together I hope
that the future generation to come we
have will have all those fish to watch
coming here is giving me hope for the
oceans
you